Optimize abstracts and prereqs for mng Flatpak (CQA) (#5018)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-a-flatpak-remote-by-using-web-ui.adoc

= Creating a Flatpak remote by using {ProjectWebUI}

[role="_abstract"]

> Add a Flatpak remote to your {Project} inventory to scan it and mirror selected repositories into your products for host distribution.

Author: ```suggestion
Add a Flatpak remote to your {Project} inventory to scan it, mirror selected repositories into your products, and distribute desktop application content to hosts.
```

> Register an external Flatpak index as the first step toward scanning it and mirroring selected repositories into your products for host distribution.

Reviewer: I suggest to not use "Register" here because we use "register" when talking about registering hosts to Foreman.

"the first step towards scanning it" -> IMO we can simplify this. Maybe "Create a Flatpak repository definition in Foreman+Katello, then scan it, then synchronized repositories into products" (in those or other words).
